README.md, before:

![COSMOSTRIDE Banner](https://racc.at/media/uploads/ld_banner.png)

My [Ludum Dare 54](https://ldjam.com/events/ludum-dare/54/cosmostride) submission

>*In the endless expanse of space, there is only so much you can do to fend off the endless waves of killer units, how much of an impact can you make with your limited resources?*
>
>*It’s time to give those who remain hope that the enemy can be overcome.*

***

## Gameplay
This is an on-rails shooter, a-la StarFox. Use the `WASD` keys to maneuver your ship and dodge oncoming enemy attacks, and `Left Mouse Button` to shoot them down. You can also press the `R` key mid-game to prompt restart.

After each level you'll be given a choice of 5 upgrade modules you can install to 3 different slots for your ship.

## Where to play

You can play the game [on my Website](https://racc.at/games/cosmostride/), or on [itch.io](https://kett.itch.io/cosmostride)

There is also a post-jam version, not published to this repository, that features an online leaderboard. You can play it [on my Website](https://racc.at/games/cosmostride-post-jam/), too.

## Info

This game was developed with the [Godot Engine](https://godotengine.org/)

Commit message:

Add software list to README

README.md, after:

![COSMOSTRIDE Banner](https://racc.at/media/uploads/ld_banner.png)

My [Ludum Dare 54](https://ldjam.com/events/ludum-dare/54/cosmostride) submission

>*In the endless expanse of space, there is only so much you can do to fend off the endless waves of killer units, how much of an impact can you make with your limited resources?*
>
>*It’s time to give those who remain hope that the enemy can be overcome.*

***

## Gameplay
This is an on-rails shooter, a-la StarFox. Use the `WASD` keys to maneuver your ship and dodge oncoming enemy attacks, and `Left Mouse Button` to shoot them down. You can also press the `R` key mid-game to prompt restart.

After each level you'll be given a choice of 5 upgrade modules you can install to 3 different slots for your ship.

## Where to play

You can play the game [on my Website](https://racc.at/games/cosmostride/), or on [itch.io](https://kett.itch.io/cosmostride)

There is also a post-jam version, not published to this repository, that features an online leaderboard. You can play it [on my Website](https://racc.at/games/cosmostride-post-jam/), too.

## Info

This game was developed with the [Godot Engine](https://godotengine.org/), using GDScript, with a 72 hour time limit.

Assets were made in several pieces of software
 - Space background drawn in [Krita](https://krita.org/en/)
 - Badge icons drawn in [Inkscape](https://inkscape.org/)
 - Spaceship and enemy models made in [Blender](https://www.blender.org/)
 - Music and SFX made in [SunVox](https://warmplace.ru/soft/sunvox/)
